README.md, before:

<div class="title">

# UMSAE Software Tutorials

</div>


<div id="Introduction Label">

## Introduction

</div>

Hi! Welcome to the UMSAE Formula Electric Software System! We have
created the following tutorials so new members can learn some of the
basics to start working on our vehicle. This repository outlines the
structure of the software system, provides some common terminology we
use on our team, and walks you through each tutorial. The earlier you
finish the tutorials, the earlier we can give you a task! If you need
help with any of the tutorials the Software System Officer (SSO),
Vehicle Control Software Lead (VCS), Data Acquisition Lead (DAQ), or
Software Testing Lead (SWT) for help, and we’ll guide you in the right
direction!

<div id="Getting Started">

## Getting Started!

</div>

We put together some resources so you guys can learn Git, C (programming language we use on the car), and our overall team structure. You'll learn LOTS as you work on the car but before starting the tutorials we highly recommend reading the Git/GitHub info!

Below is the file structure of this repository, with some quick links to important info!

### Important Info (quick links):
- [Learning Git](./learning-git/README.md)
- [Learning C](./learning-c/README.md)
- [Team Info](./learning-team-info/README.md)

<div id="Repository Structure">

## Repository Structure 📁

</div>

<!-- ```mermaid
mindmap
  root((software-tutorials))
    .git
    .github
    install-guide
      README.md
    learning-c
      README.md
    learning-git
      README.md
      Guestbook.md
      Onboarding_UMSAE_Git_Tutorial.pdf
    learning-team-info
      README.md
    Media
    tutorials
      01-blinky-led
        README.md
      02-usart
        README.md
      03-uart-interrupts
        README.md
      04-freertos
        README.md
    .gitignore
    README.md
``` -->

```
software-tutorials/
├─ .github/
├─ install-guide/
│  └─ macbook-install-guide.pdf
├─ learning-c/
│  └─ README.md
│  └─ C_programming_summary.pdf
│  └─ The.C.Programming.Language.2nd.Edition.pdf
├─ learning-git/
│  └─ README.md
├─ media/
│  └─ bunch of pictures ...
├─ team-info/
│  └─ README.md
├─ .gitignore
└─ README.md
```


<div id="Downloading CubeMx and CubeIDE">

## Downloading CubeMx and CubeIDE

</div>

<div id="CubeMx">

### CubeMx

</div>

STM32CubeMX is a way to start some of your projects. You need to
download version **6.11.1**, which you can find on the STM32CubeMX page:
<https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/stm32cubemx.html> and create a
free account to download!

<div id="CubeIDE">

### CubeIDE

</div>

CubeIDE is the IDE we use to program our STM32 microcontrollers on our
various PCBs (ACU, VCU, and SCU) on our car. You need to download
version **1.15.1**, go to the STM32CubeIDE page:
<https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/stm32cubeide.html#get-software>

<div id="Hardware">

## Hardware

</div>

The STM32-F446RE is the development board we use to flash programs to all the
PCBs on the car (ACU, VCU, and SCU). Unlike normal programming that can
be compiled and ran on your machine, embedded systems software is
usually written for a specific chip. Here we are using an ARM Cortex M4
base chip, and we need to buy the corresponding dev board to develop
for it. It costs about $30, so the SSO will get a list of new members
and make a mass order of boards.

<div id="Tutorial Projects Label">

# Tutorial Projects

</div>

These projects will give you an introduction to embedded systems
development. Our code base uses the Hardware Abstraction Layer (HAL)
library for the STM32. Hardware Abstraction Layer (HAL) is one layer
above Standard Peripheral Library (SPL), and as the name suggests, HAL
abstracts SPL functions. Once you finish a tutorial, tell your SSO. They
will likely want to see your code to make sure everything is done
correctly, or if they have any tips on good practice/optimization.

A section lead or the SSO will review a few pull requests (PRs) from each new member. The goal
is to teach you how to submit PRs and give you guys feedback on your work :)

<div id="GitHub Tutorial">

# Uploading Tutorials to GitHub!

</div>

- ADD THIS AND TEST INSTRUCTIONS YOURSELF

Commit message:

added ePBR image to root folder README

README.md, after:

<div class="title">

# UMSAE Software Tutorials

</div>

![title pic](./Media/ePBR_Logo.png)


<div id="Introduction Label">

## Introduction

</div>

Hi! Welcome to the UMSAE Formula Electric Software System! We have
created the following tutorials so new members can learn some of the
basics to start working on our vehicle. This repository outlines the
structure of the software system, provides some common terminology we
use on our team, and walks you through each tutorial. The earlier you
finish the tutorials, the earlier we can give you a task! If you need
help with any of the tutorials the Software System Officer (SSO),
Vehicle Control Software Lead (VCS), Data Acquisition Lead (DAQ), or
Software Testing Lead (SWT) for help, and we’ll guide you in the right
direction!

<div id="Getting Started">

## Getting Started!

</div>

We put together some resources so you guys can learn Git, C (programming language we use on the car), and our overall team structure. You'll learn LOTS as you work on the car but before starting the tutorials we highly recommend reading the Git/GitHub info!

Below is the file structure of this repository, with some quick links to important info!

### Important Info (quick links):
- [Learning Git](./learning-git/README.md)
- [Learning C](./learning-c/README.md)
- [Team Info](./learning-team-info/README.md)

<div id="Repository Structure">

## Repository Structure 📁

</div>

<!-- ```mermaid
mindmap
  root((software-tutorials))
    .git
    .github
    install-guide
      README.md
    learning-c
      README.md
    learning-git
      README.md
      Guestbook.md
      Onboarding_UMSAE_Git_Tutorial.pdf
    learning-team-info
      README.md
    Media
    tutorials
      01-blinky-led
        README.md
      02-usart
        README.md
      03-uart-interrupts
        README.md
      04-freertos
        README.md
    .gitignore
    README.md
``` -->

```
software-tutorials/
├─ .github/
├─ install-guide/
│  └─ macbook-install-guide.pdf
├─ learning-c/
│  └─ README.md
│  └─ C_programming_summary.pdf
│  └─ The.C.Programming.Language.2nd.Edition.pdf
├─ learning-git/
│  └─ README.md
├─ media/
│  └─ bunch of pictures ...
├─ team-info/
│  └─ README.md
├─ .gitignore
└─ README.md
```

<div id="Downloading CubeMx and CubeIDE">

## Downloading CubeMx and CubeIDE

</div>

<div id="CubeMx">

### CubeMx

</div>

STM32CubeMX is a way to start some of your projects. You need to
download version **6.11.1**, which you can find on the STM32CubeMX page:
<https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/stm32cubemx.html> and create a
free account to download!

<div id="CubeIDE">

### CubeIDE

</div>

CubeIDE is the IDE we use to program our STM32 microcontrollers on our
various PCBs (ACU, VCU, and SCU) on our car. You need to download
version **1.15.1**, go to the STM32CubeIDE page:
<https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/stm32cubeide.html#get-software>

<div id="Hardware">

## Hardware

</div>

The STM32-F446RE is the development board we use to flash programs to all the
PCBs on the car (ACU, VCU, and SCU). Unlike normal programming that can
be compiled and ran on your machine, embedded systems software is
usually written for a specific chip. Here we are using an ARM Cortex M4
base chip, and we need to buy the corresponding dev board to develop
for it. It costs about $30, so the SSO will get a list of new members
and make a mass order of boards.

<div id="Tutorial Projects Label">

## Tutorial Projects

</div>

These projects will give you an introduction to embedded systems
development. Our code base uses the Hardware Abstraction Layer (HAL)
library for the STM32. Hardware Abstraction Layer (HAL) is one layer
above Standard Peripheral Library (SPL), and as the name suggests, HAL
abstracts SPL functions. Once you finish a tutorial, tell your SSO. They
will likely want to see your code to make sure everything is done
correctly, or if they have any tips on good practice/optimization.

A section lead or the SSO will review a few pull requests (PRs) from each new member. The goal
is to teach you how to submit PRs and give you guys feedback on your work :)

You can find the tutorials in the `tutorials` folder, but here are links to the instructions for you!

- [Tutorial 1](./tutorials/01-blinky-led/README.md)
- [Tutorial 2](./tutorials/02-usart/README.md)
- [Tutorial 3](./tutorials/03-uart-interrupts/README.md)
- [Tutorial 4](./tutorials/04-freertos/README.md)

<div id="GitHub Tutorial">

## Submitting your work!

</div>


### Pushing Tutorials to GitHub

- ADD THIS AND TEST INSTRUCTIONS YOURSELF
